## Basketbology (Decision)

<details closed>
<summary>Hint 1</summary>
Where should you place the person with the lowest skill level?
</details>

<details closed>
<summary>Solution</summary>

We say that a student is in a _valid position_ if their skill level is greater than or equal to their distance from the basket from that mark.

We will show that it is never  suboptimal to always place the weakest student at the nearest mark, the next weakest student at the next nearest mark, and so on, until we put the strongest student at the farthest mark.  In other words, sort the students in nondecreasing order of skill, and assign them to the marks in that order.  If a solution exists, then this assignment is always valid.  

Consider the weakest student.
- If the weakest student cannot land their shot, even from the nearest mark, then they definitely won't be able to do it from a farther mark either.
  - Thus, the whole task is immediately impossible.
- Otherwise, suppose the weakest student _can_ land their shot from the nearest mark.  Then, we might as well place them there.  Why?
  - Suppose we have a solution where we _didn't_ place the weakest student at the nearest mark.  In that solution, some _other_ student was placed at that mark instead.
  - This other student who ended up on the nearest mark must have skill level greater than or equal to the weakest student (by definition of this student being the "weakest").
  - But if this other student is at least as good as the weakest student, then we can swap their positions and both would still be in valid positions.
    - By assumption, the weakest student is valid at the first mark.
    - The other student is at least as good as the weakest student.  So if the weakest student was valid at their old position, then this other student should be valid there as well.

This tells us that it is never suboptimal to place the weakest student at the nearest mark.  But we can apply this reasoning to justify placing the next weakest student at the next nearest mark, and so on.

We get the following solution.
- Sort $c_1, c_2, c_3, \dots, c_n$ in nondecreasing order.
- Assuming $c$ is sorted, we should check that $x_i \leq c_i$ for all $i$.
  - If yes for all, then the task is possible.
  - If no for any, then the task is impossible.

This solution runs in $\mathcal{O}(n \lg n)$ for the sorting step.

</details>
