## Basketbology (Counting)

<details closed>
<summary>Hint 1</summary>

Consider some mark with distance $x_i$.  How many of the students are we allowed to place there?

</details>

<details open>
<summary>Solution</summary>

As a refresher, remember how we count the number of ways that we can assign the $n$ students to the $n$ marks (with no other restrictions).
- We choose one of $n$ students to place in the farthest mark.
- We choose one of $n$ students to place in the second-farthest mark, **except for** the $1$ student that we had already assigned.
- We choose one of $n$ students to place in the third-farthest mark, **except for** the $2$ students that we had already assigned.
- $\vdots$

With combinatorics' rule of product, this gives us a total of $n \times (n-1) \times (n-2) \times \dots \times 3 \times 2 \times 1$ different assignments.

Let's apply this to our problem.  Let $\text{valid}(i)$ count the number of different students which can be placed on mark $i$.  By definition, we can place a student on the $i$th mark if their skill level is $\geq x_i$.  This is the only factor that decides whether a student can be placed on some mark.  

Suppose we have two marks $i < j$ (which means $x_i < x_j$).  If a student would be valid on mark $j$, then they would also be valid on mark $i$ (which is nearer to the basket).  From this, we can conclude that $\text{valid}(i) \geq  \text{valid}(j)$.  Actually, more strongly, this implies that the set of students which can be placed on mark $j$ is a _subset_ of the people which can be placed on mark $i$.

This info means that we can compute $\text{valid}(i)$ for _all_ $i$ from $1$ to $n$ in $\mathcal{O}(n \lg n)$, using binary search or a two-pointers method (the author's code uses the two-pointers method).

This all the info we need to complete our algorithm.
- First, compute $\text{valid(i)}$ for all $i$ from $1$ to $n$.
- Now, consider the different ways we can assign students to marks.
  - We choose one of $\text{valid}(n)$ students to place in the farthest mark.
  - We choose one of $\text{valid}(n-1)$ students to place in the second-farthest mark, **except for** the $1$ student that we had already assigned.
  - We choose one of $\text{valid}(n-2)$ students to place in the third-farthest mark, **except for** the $2$ students that we had already assigned.
  - $\vdots$
- Thus, the final answer is $$
    \text{valid}(n) \times (\text{valid}(n-1) - 1) \times (\text{valid}(n-2) - 2) \times \dots \times (\text{valid}(1) - (n-1))
$$
Note that this answer can be as much as $12345!$, which is huge.  For the final subtask, it's necessary to use something like the `BigInteger` library of Java, or a language that admits arbitrarily large integers (like Python).
</details>
